as Hoyas we know what it takes to give
110% in all that we do
giving 110% means being the first in the
gym and the last to leave
committing to extra work to help improve
yourself and your teammates preparing
for an upcoming exam and your next
opponent giving 110% means powering
through one extra repetition one extra
drill when nobody is watching
focusing on your next class while
getting ready to run the race of your
life repeating a shot two hundred times
knowing it just takes one to win a game
perfecting your skills for competition
and for the degree you'll learn
knowing it takes a team every student
coach alum and fan to achieve greatness
giving 110% means being La Jolla
I give I give I give one hundred and ten
percent I give one hundred and ten
percent for Georgetown for Georgetown
for Georgetown
Oh